Now with 100% more ASCII art!
Your CFML CLI and package manager
Better than Node on every day of the week ending in "Y"
I can start Adobe ColdFusion and Lucee servers for you
Do you believe in magic?
Keep current on releases with the "commandbox-update-check" module
Increase your productivity with the "commandbox-bullet-train" module
Don't forget to brush your teeth!
We'll leave the light on for ya'
Did you know servers support basic auth?
CommandBox rewrites are easy to enable with --rewriteEnable
Forget a server as you stop it with "stop --forget"
Stop all your servers at once with "stop --all"
View the servers for a given folder with "server list --local"
This CLI viewed best on Netscape navigator 2.0
On WIndows? Use ConEMU, it supports 256 glorious colors!
The code name for CommandBox before it launched was "Project Gideon"
CommandBox is a registered trademark of Ortus Solutions
CommandBox is professional supported open source software
Pressing Ctrl-C will stop the current command
Pressing Ctrl-D will exit the shell
You can publish packages to ForgeBox with the "publish" command
BUWAHAHAHAHA! MUHAHAHA!!
Tomorrow will have highs in the mid 70's and a 30% chance of rain
Run CFML functions directly from the prompt like "#now" or "#hash foo"
CommandBox has its own "tail", "grep", and "sed" that work on Windows.
Tail a running server log with "server log --follow"
Now accepting pull requests, inquire within.
<<Insert pithy comment here>>
Have CLI, will travel.
Press tab while typing to get auto-complete
Have you used your REPL today?
The REPL now has syntax highlighting.  You're welcome.
Please direct all feedback to /dev/null
CLI: Continuous Liverpool Investigator
CLI: Commonly Livid Iguana
CLI: Come Look Inside
CLI: Chrome Looks Intense
Always follow the recipe
Manage your CF server settings with the "commandbox-cfconfig" module
Roses are red, violets are blue, I like CFML, but never learned to rhyme
A man, a plan, a canal, Panama
No ASCII Art was harmed in the making of this CLI
You can set default parameters for commonly-used commands
You can set default server settings that apply to all servers
Run native binaries easily from the CLI like so: "!java -version"
Whatever you do, DON'T run the "info" command. You have been warned.
Your webcam watches you while you sleep. That's what your keyboard told me.
Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later. --Brook's Law
Java is to JavaScript what ham is to hampster. --Jeremy Keith
One of the best programming skills is knowing when to walk away for a while.
Computers are good at following instructions, but not at reading your mind.
while( ! ( succeed = try() ) );
Talk is cheap. Show me the code. --Linus Torvalds
In theory, theory and practice are the same. In practice, they're not.
There's a box for that
Publish your CFML projects big and small to https://www.ForgeBox.io
Quit slouching in your chair!
2 hardest problems: cache invalidation, naming things, and off-by-1 errors
Use a server.json file to easily re-use server settings
Reference environment variables from the CLI as ${myVarName}
The CommandBox docs are open source on GitHub. Please fix my typos.
UFOs are real. Underperforming Fictional Optometrists
Keep hitting tab to cycle through auto-complete options
When installing from a Git repo, you can target a branch, tag, or commit
This page intentionally left blank
You can "cd ~" to your home directory even on Windows
Replace your Ant builds and shell scripts with Task Runners
Behold, the power of CFML!
Take that, stupid fish.
CFML is the answer to the Ultimate Question of Life, Universe, & Everything
Run the "system-colors" command to see if your terminal supports 256 colors
Use the "box-ngrok" module to share your servers with clients via proxy
Press Ctrl-R at the prompt to search through your history
Type a partial command, then hit "up" to find the closest matching history
CommandBox is now powered by Lucee 5 via JSR-223
Welcome back.  We've been expecting you!
ASCII art gives life meaning
DON'T SHOUT ON THE INTERNET, IT'S RUDE
Server won't start? Add "--debug --console" to see why.
You can start/stop servers by name from any directory. "start foo"
Don't forget to write tests!
When installing TestBox, save it as a dev dependency with "--saveDev"
What happens in the CLI, stays in the CLI.
CommandBox caches artifacts for faster installation & offline use
Add jars to a server with the "libDirs" parameter
You need to use root to bind to server ports below 1024 on *Nix
View you system modules by running "list --system"
Update any outdated dependencies by running "update"
Get live feedback from your unit tests with "testbox watch"
Run your test suite from the CLI with "testbox run"
CommandBox works great with Travis-CI for testing your open source code
CommandBox is written in CFML. Feel free to hack around on it.
How many cups of coffee have you had today?
Use the "history" command to remember what you did yesterday.
Commands like "dir", "rm", and "touch" support file globbing. ex: *.txt
Each running server has a matching icon in your system tray
You're Good Enough, You're Smart Enough, and Doggone It, People Like You.
Use the "commandbox-hostupdater" module to edit your hosts file for you
Pull requests make the world go 'round
Have you hugged a developer today?
A pull request a day keeps the bugs away
There are 10 types of people: those who understand binary & those who don't.
Node developers wish they could be this cool
I wouldn't say I've been missing it, Bob.
An ounce of unit tests is worth a pound of production regression fixes
Professional Yak Shaver
You can enable web server "access" logs on your servers
You can enable URL rewriting logs on your servers
No need to quote parameter values unless they have a space or special char
You can open your servers's web administrator by clicking the tray icon
You can add custom menu items to your server's tray icon via server.json
The "commandbox-fusionreactor" module is the easiest way to get FR installed
Everything you do w/ CommandBox servers, you can do at scale with Docker
See what artifacts are cached on disk with "artifacts list"
See what packages you've installed in your app with the "list" command
Use "server cd myServer" to drop directly in the webroot of a server
You can manage your server.json entirely from the CLI with "server set"
You can manage your box.json entirely from the CLI with "package set"
CommandBox servers run on JBoss Undertow for blazing fast performance
Install the "comamndbox-chuck-norris" module for Chuck Norris facts
Run "forgebox whoami" to see if you're logged in correctly from the CLI
Run "task create" to scaffold out an empty Task Runner CFC
You can script property file modifications with "propertyfile set"
Objects in terminal are closer than they appear
Real men test in production!
I love Docker!  Check out the Ortus CommandBox-based Docker images
Warning: Don't feed the variables
CFML is a dynamic, loosely typed, multi-paradigm JVM language
Read the CommandBox docs at https://commandbox.ortusbooks.com
Bored at work? Type "snake" to have some ASCII fun from the past
Help I'm trapped in a CLI factory
Don't code like it's 1998. Or 2008 for that matter!
Help is on the way
CLI: Credit Line Increase
CLI: Colloquial Literary Interference
Skip "Are you sure?" prompts in most commands with the "--force" flag
Premature cleverness is the root of all evil
You can create ad-hoc aliases for common commands or sets of commands
A unicorn smiles each time someone downloads commandbox-bullet-train
CommandBox makes you feel like a wizard.
In the unlikely event of a water landing, CLI can be used as a flotation device
Let me see those Jazz Hands!
Have brainstorms so big they leave your hair windswept
Hey Little Bobby Two hands, update your CLI!
Your angry birds are out of cupcakes, buy more powerup gems to start a new server
